v1.0.0 Changelog (#844)
auth0/terraform-provider-auth0: docs/guides/quickstart.md

After apply finishes, you can verify that the application was created by going to the
[Auth0 Dashboard Applications page](https://manage.auth0.com/#/applications). You should see a new application called
"WebAppExample", as specified in the name argument passed to the resource.

### Auto-generate Terraform config files from Auth0 Tenant

> If you need assistance with generating Terraform configuration files, you can refer to the 
> [Terraform Configuration Generation Guide](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/auth0/auth0/latest/docs/guides/generate_terraform_config)
> for detailed instructions on creating clean and descriptive Terraform code.
> This guide will help you structure your Terraform code effectively.

Author: ```suggestion
If adopting Terraform onto already configured Auth0 tenant, it is possible to auto-generate that tenant's Terraform configuration by following the  
[Terraform Configuration Generation Guide](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/auth0/auth0/latest/docs/guides/generate_terraform_config).
```
